[Cosmos] Fix bugs in parallel query defaults (#6788)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/cosmosdb/cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 3.5.3 (2020-1-06)

> - BUG FIX: maxDegreeOfParallelism was defaulting to 1 and should default to undefined

Reviewer: I would say this is more adequate, as it never really defaults to `undefined`
```suggestion
- BUG FIX: maxDegreeOfParallelism was defaulting to 1 and should default to the number of partitions of the collection
```
